Request email verification (#871)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.3/index.mdx

| ---------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `avatar`         | optional  |                                                                                           |
| `email`          | optional  |                                                                                           |

> | `email_verified` | optional  |                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `email_verified` | optional  | Specifies if the customer confirmed their email address. See [Request Email Verification](#request-email-verification).                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer: Please add the same note in other places and remember that the link might change

| **Customers**     | [`update_customer`](#update-customer) [`set_customer_session_fields`](#set-customer-session-fields) [`get_customer`](#get-customer)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Status**        | [`list_group_statuses`](#list-group-statuses)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | **Other**         | [`check_goals`](#check-goals) [`get_form`](#get-form) [`get_predicted_agent`](#get-predicted-agent) [`get_url_info`](#get-url-info) [`mark_events_as_seen`](#mark-events-as-seen) [`accept_greeting`](#accept-greeting) [`cancel_greeting`](#cancel-greeting) [`request_email_verification`](#request_email_verification)                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Other**         | [`check_goals`](#check-goals) [`get_form`](#get-form) [`get_predicted_agent`](#get-predicted-agent) [`get_url_info`](#get-url-info) [`mark_events_as_seen`](#mark-events-as-seen) [`accept_greeting`](#accept-greeting) [`cancel_greeting`](#cancel-greeting) [`request_email_verification`](#request-email-verification)                                                                                                                   |
```

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Request Email Verification

> Requests verification of customer's email address by sending them verification email with link to confirm identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests the verification of the customer's email address by sending them a verification email with the identity confirmation link.
```

> Once Customer verifies their identity, a POST callback is sent to URL provided in `callback_uri` request parameter with verified email in payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the customer verifies their identity, we'll send a POST callback to the URL you provided in the `callback_uri` request parameter. The callback will contain the verified email in the payload.
```

> Identity verification mechanism has following restraints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identity verification mechanism has the following constraints:
```

> - you can stack multiple verification requests, but only 10 least recently requested callbacks will be triggered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We'll store multiple verification requests until a customer confirms their identity. Once the identity is confirmed, we'll send a callback only for the 10 most recent verification requests, not for all stored requests.
```

> - after 7 days since last verification request, all callbacks are voided and will not be sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Seven days after the last verification request, all callbacks are voided and, as a result, won't be sent.
```

> - if Customer already has their email verified, callback will be sent immediately without prompting Customer to verify again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a customer has already verified their email, the callback will be sent immediately, without prompting the customer to verify it again.
```

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                                               |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Method URL**         | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/customer/action/request_email_verification` |
| **RTM API equivalent** | -                                                                             |
| **Webhook**            | -                                                                             |

#### Request

| Parameter      | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                                       |
| -------------- | -------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `callback_uri` | Yes      | `string`  | URI to be called after Customer confirms their email address. Should return 200 code. There are no retries. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `callback_uri` | Yes      | `string`  | URI to be called after the customer confirms their email address. Should return 200 code. There are no retries. |
```

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \

>   'https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/customer/action/request_email_verification?license_id=<license_id>' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  'https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/customer/action/request_email_verification?license_id=<license_id>' \
```
